# 2.1.2.0/1.2.0: Quality of Life Update & Technical Update II

## Topics

1. FilePaths
2. Exitter
3. DataWriter (maybe javafx daemon thread)
4. Logger
5. Dialog Boxes for Exceptions

### 2.1.1.1: DataStorage Class

1. [x] Constants renamed to Settings
2. [x] Class DataPoint replaced with record DataPointRecord
3. [x] Data stored in class was changed to record
4. [x] Records remove data changes


### 2.1.1.2: Platforms (OS)

1. [x] Created enum to store the OS
2. [x] `enum Platform`: `Win11, MacOS`
3. [x] Used for OS specific code
4. [x] Project Version (Internal Version) changed format from 3 nums to 4 nums: 2.2.0 > 2.1.2.0
5. [x] Internal Version now represents the release version and reduces confusion: 2.2.0 != 1.2.0

**New Internal Version:**

1. Build Version
2. Major Version
3. Minor Version
4. Patch Version

### 2.1.1.3: FilePaths

1. [x] All file/folder paths and creation moved to FilePath
2. [x] FilePath has a Factory to have only 1 instance.
3. [x] App creates its folder in local (Win11)
4. [x] App creates its folder in Application (macOS)
5. [x] Screenshots in /screenshots/scatterplot or /screenshots/scatterplot in app's folder instead of desktop
6. [x] Will generate empty settings.txt if it does not exist
7. [x] Settings will generate the content for settings.txt
8. [x] Filepaths are now in 2 categories: basepath and addonpath
   1. basepath: the base folder of the app
   2. addonpath: paths of files and folders in app's folder
   3. any missing files/folders will be generated

##### Classes and Basic Description

**Package: filepaths**

1. [x] FilePath: handles all file's and folder's paths and creations.
2. [x] FilePathFactory: Makes sure there is only a single instance of FilePath
3. [x] Settings: The file that manages all the Serial Comm Port Connection and App vars

### 2.1.1.4: Exceptions and App Exit


1. [x] Increased try-catch to catch problems
2. [x] Created interface Exitter.
   > Interface used to exit the program by entering a error message
3. [ ] (not tested) stop all the threads before exiting the app.
4. [ ] (not tested) must close all loggers before quitting
5. [x] Classes using interface:
    1. FilePath
    2. DataPlotter
    3. Settings
    4. Launcher
6. [x] Has a var called NO_ERROR to exit app without error msg.

#### Classes

1. [x] Exitter: Prints error msg in console, then displays it. after clicking ok, quits the app.

### 2.1.1.5: DataWriter

1. [x] There are more Exceptions to pinpoint problem
2. [x] exceptions when thrown will print error in console and show a dialog box.
3. [x] Some important exceptions close and stop the app.
4. [ ] (not implemented) class DataWriter and DataWriterFactory
5. [ ] (not implemented) used to write data to a csv in the time,unit2 format

#### Classes

1. [ ] DataWriter
2. [ ] DataWriterFactory

### 2.1.1.6: ProjectLogger or ErrorLogger

1. [ ] (not implemented) custom logger created.
2. [ ] (not implemented) logger will generate log files in /log

### 2.1.1.7: OriginalUI

There were some changes to the UI. There was the ability to change the width of the scatter chart manually by buttons.

1. [x] Created Buttons to increase scatter plot
2. [x] Created Buttons to decrease scatter plot
3. [x] The app now has the app icon in resources
4. [x] The .ico for **jpackage --icon** is also in resources
    - With this, the app and the ui both will have the logo
5. [x] Change **tn_depth** to **tn_unit2**

### 2.1.1.8: Settings Format

Settings file will get new format for packetData

1. [x] The other data entry can now be any measure
2. [x] It will be called unit2
3. [x] It will have a name unit2_name
   > It is the name of the measurement like temperature, depth, etc.
4. [x] It will have a name unit2_unit
   > For temperature, the unit would be °C and for depth it would be m
5. [x] Time entry can now have different units, time_unit
   > time_unit can now be s, ms, hr, etc.

### 2.1.1.8: Exception Dialog Boxes
1. [x] All `throw new Exception()` and `System.err.println()` are now succeeded or preceded by an exception dialog box.